Docs/operator subpages (#9689)
hashicorp/nomad: website/pages/api-docs/operator/index.mdx

---
layout: api
page_title: Operator - HTTP API
sidebar_title: Operator
description: |-
  The /operator endpoints provides cluster-level tools for Nomad operators, such
  as interacting with the Raft subsystem.
---

# Operator HTTP API

The `/operator` endpoints provide cluster-level tools for Nomad operators, such

> as interacting with the Raft subsystem, licensing, snapshots, autopilot and scheudler configration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as interacting with the Raft subsystem, licensing, snapshots, autopilot and scheduler configuration.
```

Author: woops!
